Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪♪
[ Man speaking indistinctly ]
GUNNER: Detective Knox
approached the cemetery
like he had done
so many times before.
[ Pencil scratching ]
But this crime scene
would soon prove to be
very different.
Because the dead body...
was none other than
Detective Knox himself.
I'm a ghost.
[ Wind rushing ]
♪♪
[ Knock on door ]
MARY: Gunner!
[ Door opens ]
Hey.
[ Door creaks ]
Where. oh. where could
my dear. sweet son be?
Hmm.
Could've sworn he was in here.
[ Sighing ] Hm.
Really need to talk to him.
-[ Laughs ]
-Did you think you got me?
-No. I didn't think --
-It feels like you think
-you got me.
-No. I didn't!
[ Ric Hassani's
"One. Two playing ]
[ Volume increases ]
♪ Oh. la. oh. la ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
-[ Laughing ]
-What were you thinking?
I feel like you're making
weird noises.
Are you laughing?
This is very serious.
♪ Wanna contemplate
how I make this move ♪
♪ Simmer. who got the keys
to my Bimmer ♪
♪ Who got the keys ♪
♪ Jehovah got the keys.
got the keys. keys. keys ♪
♪ So you can't stop me ♪
♪ Oya. wine for the bass line ♪
♪ Get down low
to the bass line ♪
♪ Wanna see you go
with your best wine ♪
♪ I'mma chill onstage
and test the microphone like ♪
♪ Mic check. one. two.
one. two ♪
♪ Mic check. one. two ♪
♪ Mic check. one. two.
one. two ♪
♪ One. two. mic check ♪
[ Music stops ]
[ Door opens. closes ]
[ Mary speaking indistinctly ]
[ Objects clattering ]
-AMOS: Hi.
-MARY: Perfect timing.
AMOS: Hi. Gunner.
MARY: Okay. share with your dad.
Do you want to share?
AMOS: You should be
taking it easy. babe.
No. I feel good.
I feel better today.
Mm. You look better.
Thank you.
AMOS: I have never seen
anything like it.
A Chinese restaurant that
only plays top 100 country hits.
[ Gasps ] My favorite.
-Don't even joke about that.
-MARY: What?
Country music is a line
in the sand of this marriage.
-Aah!
-I'm serious.
-This town is weird.
-[ Chuckles ]
AMOS: Think that's why we got
such a good deal on a house.
That. and this whole
antler lighting situation.
[ Laughs ]
Stop it.
It's just...different here
than what we're used to.
Yeah. real different.
Right?
Gunner.
No books at the table. though.
-AMOS: Gunner.
-Yeah?
No books at the table. bud.
MARY: Gunner's been
getting to know the town.
He's been all over on his
scooter. he made a friend.
Mrs. Bakemeyer.
at the bookstore.
Did you go by there again today?
Yeah.
And I went to a funeral.
A funeral?
Yeah.
Whose funeral?
You shouldn't be going to
a stranger's funeral. Gunner.
That's private.
Why would you do that?
It was just for research.
MARY: You made him feel weird.
It is weird.
He knows you're sick.
and he's researching funerals?
MARY: It's for his
graphic novel.
♪♪
[ Door creaks ]
-Who did this to me?
-[ Knock on door ]
[ Door opens ]
MARY: Gunner?
Can I come in?
♪♪
[ Sighing ] Okay.
I know this move's been
hard for you.
It's been hard
for your dad. too.
He's just always mad at me.
I really preferred it
when he was gone.
Don't say that. Gunner.
I'm sorry. Mom. but it's true.
MARY: He loves you so much.
And since he's been
back from Japan.
he's just stressed about me.
♪♪
Where do we go when we die?
Oh. that's easy.
The Cheesecake Factory.
[ Laughs ] Mom.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay. real talk.
No one knows for sure.
But I believe there's
a special place our souls go.
A place we won't understand
until we're already there.
You know?
Like heaven?
Yeah.
Does everyone go there?
MARY: I don't know.
The one thing we do know
is that we have this time now
and we have to spend it
loving each other every day.
♪♪
Come here.
[ Smooches ]
♪ I am holding my son ♪
♪ The night is here.
but sleep won't come ♪
♪ The sun has started to fall ♪
♪ The moon shines
on his crib so small ♪
♪ Gently. he drifts away ♪
♪ Till the morning comes ♪
♪ The brand-new day ♪
♪ Sleep deeply. baby ♪
♪ Sleep soundly now ♪
[ Birds chirping ]
Hey. Gunner.
Get up. let's go toss the ball
around before I head to work.
[ Groans ] What time is it?
8:30.
Dad. it's summer vacation.
Sun's been up for hours.
Come on. come on.
Show your old man what you got.
[ Object crunches ]
Oh. no.
Dad! You ruined them!
♪♪
[ Mary coughing. retching ]
Mom? Mom!
I'm just nauseous.
-[ Door opens ]
-Dad!
Mom's sick again.
♪♪
You stay out here.
-MARY: No. don't.
-AMOS: It's okay. It's me.
[ Door slams ]
[ Retching continues ]
♪♪
[ Woman humming ]
[ Door opens. bell jingles ]
GUNNER: Hi. Mrs. Bakemeyer.
Hi. Gunner.
I read to Chapter 12 last night.
Holmes and Watson had just
entered the abandoned building.
Where'd you leave off?
You finished these already?
Can I borrow
some different books?
I promise I'll keep them
in good condition.
What about your research
for Detective Knox?
I'm doing new research.
I'm gonna need every book
you have on leukemia.
[ Laura Mvula's "Can't Live
With the World" plays ]
♪♪
♪ You can't live with the world
on your shoulders ♪
-[ Sighing ]
-Alrighty.
♪ Your shoulders ♪
♪♪
♪ Take my hand and you'll see
love will find us ♪
♪ Will find us ♪
♪♪
-GUNNER: Excuse me.
-♪ You've been lost ♪
-Excuse me.
-Mm?
Hi. Um...the medicine
you're giving my mom.
I don't really think
that it's the right one.
Well. it's medicine
to take all her pain away.
I know. but I think that
you should give her
methotrexate or...
doxorubicin hydrochloride --
I'm sorry.
It's really not my call.
♪ I'll stay here and hold you ♪
♪ I'll stay ♪
[ Song fading ]
♪ I'll hold you tight ♪
♪♪
JO: You better not have
come empty-handed.
You know the deal.
I always thought the Water Man
was just a bunch of B.S..
something grown-ups told kids
to keep them from
sneaking off into the woods.
But then I met him face-to-face.
And I have the scar to prove it.
Some of what you've heard
is true.
like how he lives
out in the woods
by a lake called Wild Horse.
that the forest has turned weird
because of his powers.
that he's gone crazy.
But no one knows
where to find him.
No one except me.
If you want to hear the rest
of the story. you got to pay.
♪♪
[ Pan sizzling ]
Damn it.
Something's burning.
Thank you.
WOMAN ON TV: ...September.
and it's fire season.
the earliest in nearly
four decades.
The overall 923 wildfires
were reported
across the state of Oregon.
burning approximately
60.000 acres
as climate change brings
more extreme weather
across the globe.
Here in the Pacific Northwest.
the 2018 National
Climate Assessment...
♪♪
[ Quietly ] The Water Man.
"Bussey & Sons."
♪♪
[ Doorbell rings ]
[ Sighs ]
You're trying to sell me
something. the answer's no.
GUNNER: It's about
the Water Man.
Is this yours?
I got rid of that years ago.
There's a note in here.
It's about the Water Man.
Is this a prank?
Where are your friends. huh?
Where are they hiding?
Where're your buddies
with the cameras?
Um. Mister...Bussey. right?
Yeah. I warned you kids.
You pulled another prank.
I'd call the police.
It's not a prank.
I just want to know
if the Water Man is real.
-Of course he's real.
-I just moved here
and I wanted to hear
from someone
who actually knew
what they were talking about.
Really thought that
you could help me.
-What's your name?
-Gunner Boone.
Gunner Boone. you swear
this isn't a prank?
I cross my heart.
[ Door closes.
classical piano music plays ]
♪♪
[ Woman singing opera ]
-JIM: In here.
-[ Gasps ]
You cold?
-No.
-You sure?
It's always freezing
in this darn house.
[ Music stops ]
Yeah. take a seat.
So. why do you care so much
about the Water Man?
The note I saw in this book
says that he's immortal.
I need to know more about it.
Mm. Yeah. well. death is a
strange thing. Gunner Boone.
One instant you're alive.
rejuvenating cells.
forming memories. interacting
with the world around you.
And then in the blink of an eye.
your heart stops beating.
Your organs. your blood --
it all ceases. begins to decay.
Cookie?
Now. in my line of work.
you spend a lot of time
with the dead.
I know everyone who's died
in the whole county.
Yep. death is pretty much a
cut-and-dried business. Gunner.
It's permanent.
Except when it comes...
to the Water Man.
♪♪
His real name was Edward Schaal.
He was a young man when he and
his wife moved to Wild Horse.
Wild Horse started out
as a mining town.
But the only rock
in those mountains
were igneous rock -- obsidian.
worth less than iron.
One day. Edward found
a rock vein
no one had ever seen before.
Its glow was mesmerizing.
But his discovery
was soon forgotten.
because that very night. tragedy
struck the town of Wild Horse.
The Wild Horse Dam broke.
The flood came suddenly.
No warning.
No chance to escape.
He and his wife. Sarah.
were swallowed up.
♪♪
Some of the bodies floated
downstream as far as Pine Mills.
My father was just a boy then.
about your age.
He saw the carnage --
saw it himself.
And his father. my grandfather.
he had to examine the bodies.
And he declared them all
deceased.
That was. until...
Edward Schaal
miraculously woke up.
[ Edward gasps ]
From that day on.
he was known as the Water Man.
And even though Wild Horse
had been washed away.
he moved back there.
claimed he could save his wife.
if only he could find her body.
♪♪
He hung black stones
all around the forest
to mark where he'd searched.
Most people thought
he was crazy.
Except for a few.
my father included.
who swore they saw something
in those woods --
dead animals
coming back to life.
They said it was proof that
the Water Man's power is real.
Legend has it that he's still
living up by the lake.
searching the waters
and the woods
for his wife's body
so he could bring her
back from the dead.
even if all that was left of her
were her bones.
[ Echoing ] Sarah!
[ Birds squawk ]
How did he get his power?
JIM: Some say blood magic.
But my father swore
it had something to do
with that rock vein
the Water Man found
deep in the belly of the mine.
Rock that was of no value
to the living.
but invaluable to their dead.
When my father passed away.
God rest his soul.
I tried to go up there
to the lake.
find the stone.
see if it was true.
But that forest is alive.
and I got spooked
being in those woods all alone.
I believed if I found him.
I'd get to see my father again.
JO: [ Echoing ] But no one knows
where to find him.
No one except me.
Do you have a copy of this
that I could borrow?
That is a copy.
Keep it. It's yours.
♪♪
EDWARD: Sarah!
Sarah!
GUNNER: Mom!
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Water running ]
Mom?
[ Mary retching ]
[ Gasps ]
-[ Hyperventilating ]
-Baby! Oh! Amos!
[ Sobbing ]
-What is it?
Gunner. what happened?
He saw me without my...
I think I just scared him.
Hey. stop. Stop.
You're upsetting your mom.
-[Sobbing continues]
-Damn it.
I said stop!
♪♪
Amos!
You're okay.
I'm sorry.
♪♪
[ Birds calling ]
JO: Is that a sword?
Uh...
Yes.
Where'd you get it?
GUNNER: I have a question
about the Water Man.
JO: Got any money?
Yes.
What's your name?
Gunner.
Hi. Gunner.
I'm Jo.
Follow me.
So. do you -- do you live here?
For now.
Till I save up enough money
to get my own place.
I've got a few stories
that cost more than a dollar.
but I'm telling you...
-They're worth it.
-Okay.
But I'm still gonna need money
to buy supplies.
Supplies for what?
I'm going to find
the Water Man.
Come into my office.
♪♪
Ever been alone
in those woods. kid?
No.
Let's say you survive the words.
make it all the way past
the river. cliffs. the coyotes.
You'll find yourself
face-to-face
with the devil himself.
♪♪
Not many of us around
to tell that side of the story.
Wanna know more?
[ Sighs ]
[ Objects rattling ]
♪♪
Tell me everything you know
about the Water Man.
I can do you one better.
Give me all your money.
and I'll take you to him myself.
But what about supplies?
Okay. sure. we'll buy supplies.
Then give me what's left over.
But I should warn you.
those woods will scare
the crap out of you. dude.
I keep the money
even if you back out.
Do we have a deal?
♪♪
[ Knife scraping. clinking ]
[ Country music playing ]
♪♪
[ Bell jingles ]
I made a list of everything
that we need.
Well. actually.
it's everything that I need.
'cause I didn't know
that you were gonna come.
What the hell?
Only need half this stuff.
-Morning.
-CHUCK: Morning.
♪♪
[ Whispering ] Jo!
JO: What?
If you snitch. I kill you.
Come on.
♪♪
Uh. hello? We're ready.
This is a lot of peaches.
We've got moola.
Is that a weapon?
Oh. um...
You kids are up early
on summer vacation.
Do your parents know
you're here?
Listen. dude.
Why don't you just.
like. mind your own business?
CHUCK: How about
I call the police
and make it their business?
It's an antique samurai sword.
My dad brought it back
from Japan.
He was stationed there
in the Navy.
I just like to carry it around.
And we're gonna need
all this food
'cause we're having a picnic.
Sir.
AMOS: I'm here to report
a missing child.
My son. he's missing.
JAKE: Okay. yeah.
um. we can do that.
We just need to file a report.
Excuse me. sir. how long
has your son been missing?
I don't -- I don't know.
Uh. please. have a seat.
[ Clears throat ]
What is your name. sir?
Amos Boone.
And your son's name. Mr. Boone?
Gunner.
Gunner. Any reason
you think he might run away?
His mom is real sick.
and. uh. it's been hard on him.
On all of us.
Um...I raised my voice
at him last night.
Uh...
He left -- He left this note.
"I know how to make you better."
Do you know
what he meant by that?
No. I don't.
♪♪
[ Chirping ]
JO: I'm hungry.
My stomach hurts.
♪♪
Um...
You didn't happen to bring a can
opener or anything. did you?
♪♪
Jo. if you damage that sword.
my dad is going to kill me.
Stop being such a wuss.
I'm serious. Jo.
Ew! Gross!
[ Laughing ]
JO: Shut up.
It's not funny!
[ Crickets chirping ]
[ Engine shuts off ]
♪♪
[ Door opens. creaks ]
MARY: Gunner?
♪♪
Hey. babe. You okay?
Just tired.
Where's Gunner?
Oh. he's playing out...side.
♪♪
I think you really
scared him last night.
I know.
[ Sighing ] I'm sorry.
I'm not the one
you need to say it to.
[ Indistinct shouting
in distance ]
I'll be --
just. you know -- right --
♪♪
Hey!
You seen a kid riding around
on an electric scooter?
His name's Gunner Boone.
-No. Why?
-He's my son.
He hasn't come home.
-Maybe the Water Man got him.
-Shut up. idiot.
Who's the Water Man?
BOY: Just some stupid
ghost story!
♪♪
So. your dad just let you
take his old samurai sword?
-Uh...
-[ Scoffs ]
You ran away.
Did not.
I left a note.
You left a note.
Dude. your runaway skills suck.
♪♪
Does he hit you?
No.
Then what?
I'm never good enough for him.
He's probably happy
I'm gone. anyway.
Just...
less stuff on his plate.
What about your parents?
Are they gonna come after you?
♪♪
I don't need anyone
looking out for me.
I can take care of myself.
[ Animals howling ]
-Is that a coyote?
-JO: Could be.
Or the howling wild horses.
They usually travel in packs.
The howling wild horses?
We should take turns
keeping watch.
You see anything move.
don't think --
swing that sword.
[ Howling continues ]
You take first watch.
♪♪
[ Howling continues ]
[ Mary sighs ]
Thanks.
Hey.
Will you -- Will you hold me
for a bit?
Yeah. Of course.
Mmm.
Been so out of it today.
I didn't even see Gunner.
Mm. I should go talk to him.
No. you should rest. babe.
Um. he's asleep.
He's been out all day again.
Something's on your mind.
What is it?
Just seems like he doesn't want
to be around me.
I promise you.
he needs you right now.
You just need to see him.
Really see him.
[ Crickets chirping ]
[ Animals howling ]
[ Ominous music plays ]
♪♪
[ Blade scrapes ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
♪♪
[ Howling continues ]
GUNNER: Hello?
♪♪
[ Whooshing. leaves rustling ]
[ Howling continues ]
Mr. Water Man?
♪♪
[ Leaves rustling ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Low snarl ]
[ Leaves rustling ]
[ Animal calling ]
♪♪
So. he's. um. been missing
for two days.
This gentleman's son here.
If you see anything at all...
[ Piano music playing ]
♪♪
[ Bell jingles ]
Let me know if I can help you
find anything.
I'm Amos.
I think you know my son. Gunner.
I've never met a child so smart.
What an imagination.
I've been helping him with
his research for Detective Knox.
He didn't come home last night.
Did he come in today
or yesterday?
No. No. he didn't.
You have a pen and -- and paper?
Uh. sure.
Uh. here are both my numbers.
home and cell.
[ Pen scratching ]
Please let me know
if you hear from him.
I absolutely will.
And. uh. you mind
hanging these up?
Of course.
Thank you.
[ Door opens ]
♪♪
[ Zipper rasping ]
Want some candy?
No.
What was that look for?
Nothing.
Look. dude.
If you got a problem with me...
say it.
Stealing's wrong.
Ah. come on.
You've never stolen
anything in your life?
Never.
Never ever?
Wow.
Your mommy must be
so proud of you.
Don't talk about my mom.
I won't.
If you try one of these
delicious pieces
of stolen candy.
[ Candy thuds ]
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
GUNNER: Stop it!
JO: Make me!
Mommy's not here to save you.
Get off of me! [ Grunts ]
[ Birds squawking.
branches snapping ]
Do you hear that?
[ Low rumbling ]
[ Whooshing. birds calling ]
♪♪
Is it the Water Man?
[ Rumbling ]
♪♪
[ Horse neighs ]
Run!
♪♪
[ Both grunt ]
[ Hoofbeats fade ]
[ Bell jingles ]
[ Country music playing ]
-CHUCK: Hey. Jake.
-Chuck.
Could you. uh. do us
a favor and hang one of these
-by the register. please?
-Yeah. sure. Sure thing.
Thank you.
Were you in the Navy?
Yeah.
How'd you know?
CHUCK: It was a day ago.
early morning.
His son and another kid --
a girl.
And your son. he had your sword.
Can you describe the girl?
Yeah. Crazy hair. blue.
She had a big scar
down her neck.
Looked kind of fresh.
Are you serious?
Not even one bar.
[ Sighs ]
Maybe we should go back.
Retrace our steps.
Let me see your phone.
JO: There's no service.
If we go northwest.
we'll eventually find the river
that will lead us to Wild Horse.
Look.
♪♪
Jo. look. Snow.
No way.
It's July.
Never snows in July.
Whoa.
So cool!
♪♪
It's a sign. right?
A sign we're getting close.
Maybe.
I don't know.
We should set up camp soon.
♪♪
Gunner!
[ Breathing heavily ]
Gunner?
♪♪
[ Telephone ringing ]
[ Telephone beeps ]
Hello?
Hi. Mrs. Bakemeyer. How are you?
Not yet. Did he come
by the bookstore again today?
W-Wait. I'm sorry.
What did my husband say?
[ Animals calling ]
♪♪
A natural fort.
How'd you know to go northwest?
My dad taught me
how to read a map.
Mm.
That must've really hurt.
It did.
Time to get the firewood.
♪♪
[ Animals howling ]
You take classes or something?
No. I just draw.
A lot.
Not ad.
Pretty dope. actually.
It's like a comic book
or something?
No. it's a graphic novel
about a detective
who's investigating
his own murder.
Cool.
So. how does it end?
I don't know yet.
You don't know?
It's your story.
How do you not know the ending?
You can't know the ending
until you get there.
[ Screaming ]
-What? What?! What?!
-[ Screaming continues ]
JO: Get it out! What is it?!
What is it?!
-[ Screams]
-Ew!
[ Screaming ]
[ Laughing hysterically ]
You -- You were so scared.
It's not funny. dude!
Yes. it is. dude.
[ Laughing ]
♪♪
What are you doing?
My side. Don't cross it.
You take yourself too seriously.
Don't cross the line!
Fine.
♪♪
[ Gunner chuckling ]
Mary?
[ Keys clatter ]
AMOS: Got your message.
I spoke with the sheriff.
And she told me everything.
He sent me a text.
What? Gunner did?
When?
W-What did he say?
He sent it last night.
My phone was off.
It was from some strange number.
W-What did it say?
"I'm fine. Mom."
[ Sniffles ]
[ Voice breaking ]
"I'm doing this for you."
[ Crying ]
I've been trying to get through
to that number for hours.
It just goes to
a generic voicemail.
You lied to me.
But I lied to Gunner.
[ Sniffles ]
I didn't think
he could handle the truth.
And you thought the same of me.
I'm sorry I lied to you.
I didn't want you
to get more sick.
I don't care what it takes.
we're gonna find him. okay?
Okay.
I'm gonna try again.
[ Crickets chirping ]
[ Bug skittering ]
♪♪
Ew!
Ugh!
Ugh! Aah!
[ Rustling ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Both screaming ]
♪♪
Ugh! That was disgusting!
GUNNER: Wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait!
-My backpack.
-I'm not going back there.
♪♪
[ Wood cracking ]
GUNNER: You okay?
♪♪
Find anything?
Only mushrooms.
But they might be poisonous.
[ Wind rushing ]
♪♪
[ Animals calling ]
There's some weird stuff
going on.
It's a sign.
That we're getting close.
Don't you think?
We lost all our stuff.
I'm starving.
If we don't find him
by tonight. we'll go home.
I promise.
♪♪
Okay.
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
-AMOS: Hello?
-GOODWIN: Hey. Amos.
Uh. Sheriff Goodwin here.
-Hey.
Uh. you get my message
about Gunner's text?
Uh. yes. I-I did. and we are
looking into that number.
Um. I just want to let you know.
I-I think I found. um.
Gunner's electric scooter
in an old mill
next to the forest.
Amos. listen.
There's a wildfire
growing in that forest.
Oh. my God. Uh...
Is it near where you found
th-the -- the scooter?
I-I don't have
that information yet.
but I have escaping animals
and about 30 homes that I need
to help evacuate.
I should already be
on my way. so...
Okay. what -- what about Gunner?
W-What if he's out there?
MARY: Okay. no.
you need to help us.
What about our son?
I-I really need to help
with these evacuations.
but I'm gonna have
my deputies step in.
Okay. so get me one of these
other deputies
to talk or something.
I promise you.
we are doing everything
-that we possibly can.
-Okay. Yeah. no.
-Let me talk to her. Let me --
-Baby. Baby. Okay.
Th-Thank you. Sheriff.
Thank you.
Yeah.
REPORTER:
The Wild Horse forest fire
is growing by the second
after strong winds
blew embers from an electrical
fire toward Pine Mills
and the surrounding towns.
Residents in the area should
check with their local
fire or police...
-Where are you going?
-If he's in that forest.
-I'm gonna find him.
-What? How?
AMOS: I've got to try.
...now under threat from this
spreading wildfire.
-Amos...
-I gotta try. babe.
...and bring you the latest
information as it unfolds.
[ Horn chirps ]
♪♪
Excuse me.
Are you Gunner's father?
-I've seen posters around town.
-You have any info?
Yeah. I-I think I know
where he went.
Where?
Wild Horse.
What's in Wild Horse?
It's where the Water Man lives.
By the lake.
What. the ghost story?
Why would my son care
about that?
It's not a ghost story.
Your son seemed very interested
in how the Water Man
cheated death.
I'm sorry. I-I shouldn't
have given him the map.
I appreciate your help.
Got to go find my son.
Yeah. Uh. there's a waterfall.
Horsetail Falls.
If you can make it up the ridge.
maybe you can cut into the lake.
Thank you.
[ Engine starts ]
♪♪
WOMAN ON RADIO: Air quality
warnings have been issued
due to the falling ash
covering much of the city.
More and more people
in the surrounding counties
are encouraged to pack
essentials and valuables...
♪♪
[ Engine revs. tires squeal ]
Unh-unh. No way.
I'm not crossing that.
Well. I am.
♪♪
-Uh!
-Dude!
Are you serious?!
♪♪
See? Not so bad.
[ Gasps ]
[ Grunts ]
Gunner! Holy crap!
Jo. I can't swim!
Hold on. I'm coming!
GUNNER: I can't swim!
♪♪
-Jo. help!
-Hold on!
I can't swim!
-Gunner! Gunner!
-Please. I can't hold on!
-JO: Don't let go!
-[ Grunting ]
Jo. help me!
Give me your hand.
Come on. Gunner. we can do it.
-[ Grunting ]
-We can do it. We can do it.
Come on. come on!
Give me your leg.
♪♪
[ Panting ]
Thank you.
Let's keep going.
We're halfway across.
♪♪
Excuse me. excuse me. folks.
Coming through. Pardon.
Sheriff. You know the girl
with the scar you asked about?
-You found something?
-Yeah.
And the text message
came from her phone.
♪♪
Where exactly did you see
the Water Man?
In the woods.
Yeah. but where exactly?
I'm tired.
♪♪
[ Pounding on door ]
MAN: Yeah. coming. One sec.
George Riley?
-Sheriff Goodwin.
-Yeah. what's this about?
Want to ask a few questions
about your daughter. Josephine.
What'd she do now?
Have you ever seen your daughter
hanging out with this boy?
I never seen that boy
in my life.
It's not the kind of friends
Jo would have. anyway.
He went missing two days ago.
The boy's mother got a text
from Jo's phone.
and we have a witness
that saw him and a girl
with a scar on her neck
together before he disappeared.
Well. like I said.
I never seen that kid. so...
Josephine here?
Love to talk to her.
Oh. uh. well.
she's out and about.
Where does she usually go?
I don't know. around town.
Usual spots kids go.
When's the last time
you saw her?
Yesterday. maybe.
[ Chuckles ] It's summer
vacation. you know?
I pulled some records
from the county hospital.
Josephine got 15 stitches
on a cut on her neck last month.
How'd she get that cut?
Know what. I have no idea
how that happened.
Jo's just that type of kid.
She's always getting herself
into trouble. you know?
GUNNER: Maybe we should go back
to where you saw him.
I don't want to talk about this
right now. okay?
I know. but it'll --
it'll just --
I said I don't want
to talk about it.
♪♪
I want to head back.
You promised me one more day.
Forget about the Water Man.
It's just a bunch of crap.
No. it's not.
You saw him. right?
And that's exactly
how you got the scar. right?
Jo. right?
I didn't get the scar
from the Water Man.
But that's what you said!
I lied. okay? I lied.
No. you didn't. No.
You have no idea
what I've been through.
You won't get
the rest of the money. okay?
Our deal was that you had to
take me to find the Water Man.
I don't care about
your stupid money.
My mom is sick. Jo!
My mom is really sick!
Everyone thinks
she'll never get better --
the doctors. the nurses.
even my own dad.
It's everyone except me.
I really need to find
the Water Man. Jo.
Everyone you love
will one day leave you.
They'll die or just pack
their bags and leave.
Your mom is still alive.
You should go home. Gunner.
I don't need you.
Okay? I don't need you!
I'm going to find the Water Man
with or without you.
Fine. I'm going back by myself.
♪♪
Gunner!
[ Echoing ] Gunner!
[ Birds squawking ]
Gunner!
♪♪
[ Wind rushing ]
[ Coughing ]
♪♪
Ah! Ow!
♪ One. two. three. four ♪
♪ Close your windows.
lock your door ♪
♪ 'Cause you never know
for sure ♪
♪ Who it is he's coming for ♪
[ Breathes deeply ]
♪ Five. six. seven. eight ♪
♪ We're out of time.
it's getting late ♪
♪ All that you can do is wait ♪
♪ The Water Man
decides your fate ♪
Gunner!
♪ Nine. ten. eleven. too ♪
-♪ Not a thing that you can do ♪
-[ Coughing ]
♪ When the Water Man
comes through ♪
♪ And his eyes are set on you ♪
[ Eerie music playing ]
♪♪
[ Dramatic music playing ]
[ Music decrescendos ]
♪♪
GUNNER: Hello?
[ Distant thudding ]
♪♪
[ Low growling ]
[ Objects clattering ]
[ Growling continues ]
[ Rocks clicking ]
[ Wheezing ]
I seen you walking.
[ Growls ]
♪♪
[ Wheezing continues ]
My name's -- My name's
Gunner Boone.
I know who you are.
It's a dangerous thing
you've done. coming out here.
I'm here to find the Water Man.
My mom's sick.
Everyone has given up on her.
And if the Water Man
could cheat death --
The power you seek
comes at a price.
A heavy price. [ Wheezing ]
I'll do anything you ask.
I searched for her
night and day in that lake
and in the forest.
but this cursed place
seems to revel in my plight!
I died in that flood.
But this stone brought me back.
Upon its touch. the dead
will surely rise.
But they'll outlive
all they know and love.
The hope of finding Sarah
is all I have
until this wretched body
erodes to nothing.
Why would I give to you
all the hope I have...
Gunner Boone!
-JO: Gunner!
-[ Growling ]
Help! [ Coughs ] Gunner!
♪♪
Sarah?
That's not Sarah. That's Jo.
I see.
You abandoned your friend.
[ Growls ]
-No.
-Yes. you did.
-N-No.
-You did.
[ Wheezes ] For this.
The stone.
♪♪
It gave you hope.
Made you believe.
Of course he's real.
I hung black stones
all around the forest
to mark where I had searched.
Hope is a powerful force.
It made you see...
what you wanted to see.
♪♪
It made you see...
me.
♪♪
[ Music fades to steady hum ]
JO: You should go home. Gunner.
♪♪
[ Coughing ] Help me!
[ Gasping. coughing ]
♪♪
[ Sobbing ] Help me!
Gunner!
GUNNER: Jo! Jo!
Jo.
-[ Sobs ]
-Jo! Jo!
My dad gave me the scar.
[ Sobs ] I'm so sorry.
[ Fire roars ]
[ Both coughing ]
What do we do?
AMOS: Gunner!
Dad?
Dad!
Gunner!
GUNNER: Dad!
-[ Coughing ]
-Ohh!
[ Bang ]
♪♪
-Can you swim?
-Yes. Yes.
-Okay. let's go!
-No. Dad. I --
Dad. I can't go
in the water. Dad!
-[ Sobbing ] I can't!
-Gunner. Gunner. Gunner.
I'm gonna get you across.
Okay? Promise.
Let's go!
♪♪
Get on my back.
Okay?
♪♪
[ Vehicle approaching ]
[ Breathing shakily ]
You're safe.
Mom. Ah!
[ Crying ] Ah! Mom. I'm sorry.
-I'm so sorry.
-[ Sighing ]
I thought I could save you.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Mom. I'm sorry.
It's okay. baby.
It's not your fault.
It's okay.
♪♪
[ Laughs weakly ]
[ Door opens ]
AMOS: Hey. What's that?
Oh. just...
something I found in the woods.
I got you something to say
sorry for ruining your book.
[ Latches click ]
[ Chuckles ]
What do you think?
Thanks. Dad. but. um...
I'm done with it.
What?
Why?
I just can't
figure out the ending.
[ Chuckles lightly ]
It might take some time.
but you'll figure it out.
"Detective Knox and the
Missing Body" is a great story.
-Did you read it?
-Yeah. I did.
I love it. It's amazing.
Story about a detective
trying to investigate
what ended his own life.
You should stick with it.
Hey. Dad...
If you had to choose
between a short life
with a lot of love in it and...
a very long life with
no one left to love.
which one would you choose?
I would take a short life
with your mom in it...
...than a long one without her.
Me too.
♪♪
Here come the burgers!
-Whoo!
-Nice!
-[ Chuckles ]
-Mmm.
Oh. these look good.
These look crispy.
Can I have extra cheese on mine?
I think we're all gonna need
extra cheese.
Should've listened to Mom
and kept the heat lower.
Think we should go vegan
after this.
[ Laughter ]
♪♪
Dear God. thank you
for this very well done.
crispy meal.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
And for this family.
And for bringing Jo
into our lives.
♪♪
[ Exhales deeply ] And...
For the blessing
of loving each other.
every day that we have.
-Amen.
♪♪
♪ I am holding on.
holding tight ♪
♪ Look where we are ♪
♪ Wrap your love around me.
don't let go ♪
♪ You're not alone ♪
♪ Questions. doubts. and fears.
wondering if I'm near ♪
♪ I'll never let go ♪
♪ I am holding my son ♪
♪ Till this life is done ♪
♪ There is nothing left
to separate us now ♪
♪ We're almost home ♪
♪ I am holding my son ♪
♪ Holdin'. holdin' ♪
♪ Holdin'. holdin'. holdin' ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. holdin' on ♪
♪ You have so much life
to live. my boy ♪
♪ So much to learn ♪
♪ Run fast. fly high.
laugh hard. give your all ♪
♪ Your all ♪
-♪ I am holding my son ♪
-♪ Holding my son♪
-♪ Till this life is done ♪
-♪ Life is done ♪
♪ There is nothing left
to separate us now ♪
♪ We're almost home ♪
♪ Holdin'. holdin' ♪
♪ Holdin'. holdin'. holdin' ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. holdin' on ♪
[ Ric Hassani ft. Mumba Yachi
"Sweet Mother" plays ]
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ Ay yo ♪
♪ You're like the sunlight ♪
♪ Oh. my lady ♪
♪ You give me goosebumps ♪
♪ When you walk my way ♪
♪ I never know how ♪
♪ You do the things
you do to me ♪
♪ That make me lose it ♪
♪ Oh. my cutie ♪
♪ Oh. my girl.
you look so fine ♪
♪ And I love the way you wine ♪
♪ Spend my money.
spend my time ♪
♪ I will buy you
all designer. ay yo ♪
♪ My cutie pie ♪
♪ I don't wanna see you cry ♪
♪ My number one woman
in my life ♪
♪ And you know that you
remind me of my mum ♪
♪ Sweet mother ♪
♪ Love me like no other ♪
♪ My mama. sweet mother ♪
♪ Nobody like my mama. ay yo ♪
♪ She suffer ♪
♪ Say make I no bother ♪
♪ My mama. sweet mother ♪
♪ Love me like no other. ay yo ♪
[ Singing in foreign language ]
♪♪
♪ My sugar pumpkin ♪
♪ You're so sweet ♪
♪ My tomato popcorn ♪
♪ Girl of my dreams ♪
♪ My choco milo ♪
♪ You know you mean
the world to me ♪
♪ And I'll never let go ♪
♪ Oh. my cutie ♪
♪ Oh. my girl.
you look so fine ♪
♪ And I love the way you wine ♪
♪ Spend my money.
spend my time ♪
♪ I will buy you
all designer. ay yo ♪
♪ My cutie pie ♪
♪ I don't wanna see you cry ♪
♪ My number one woman
in my life ♪
♪ And you know that
you remind me of my mum ♪
♪ Sweet mother ♪
♪ Love me like no other ♪
♪ My mama. sweet mother ♪
♪ Nobody like my mama. ay yo ♪
♪ She suffer ♪
♪ Say make I no bother ♪
♪ My mama. sweet mother ♪
♪ Love me like no other. ay yo ♪
[ Singing in foreign language ]
♪♪